---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Looking towards the future
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2021-09-02
labels:
  - Life
  - Answers
---
As I work towards getting my Computer science degree I hope to learn some more of the basics of coding. Such as new languages and techniques I can use to improve my code. The reason for this is to have a better structure set up for any job that I may need to work after college. It is very interesting to learn about new languages and the things that they can do. This included how different all the languages are from each other and how coding itself is progressing throughout the years. Keeping up with new types of code and new breakthroughs are a pretty interesting thing for me and would like to continue to learn about all the new routes and fields that computer science has opened. During the near future I would like to continue to take in all the information provide to me by University of Hawaii at Manoa.

When it finally comes time to do something with my computer science degree I would like to try to look for a web developement job. This is because I enjoy seeing all these different web pages and seeing different styles of websites. I would not mind trying to find these different styles to look into and to try for myself. Having a job in this field would be very helpful in connecting with others. This is because it will give me the chance to work with all types of different people because now days almost all companies should have a website. As this field keeps on growing I hope that one day I will be able to be a part of this interesting world. 

The last thing that I hope I can work towards is one day building something that I can be proud of and enjoy using. A website would be a very good start and that is why I hope to get a job in this field so that I can have something I can look back on when I get older. This does not have to be a website it can be anything that I may encounter daily and will be able to use fix a daily problem using computer science. Seeing how much computer science now a days is growing there may be many different options down that line that may change my mind about web developement but for now it seems like a great option that can be in reach one day. 



