---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Coding What?
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2021-09-23
labels:
  - Javascript
  - Technical Essay
---

Code can be typed in many different formats, such as how handwriting is needed to keep things legible when something needs to be read. That is why coding standards will definitely
help in the quality of code made. The tools that use coding standards enable your computer to highlight areas in your code that could be written cleaner. I think In personal experience when I wanted to get a property of an object I used braces instead of "object.properties" it corrected me to change it and was very helpful for an error I had made. Seeing this was interesting because it showed that even though I could access it like that, it is better to always access an object with the "." instead. This gave me the push I needed to understand what coding standards truly has to offer.

After having some time to use Intellij and ESLint I try to keep everything looking formatted even if it doesn't tell me because I do not enjoy having so much yellow marks. I may 
not always follow it but for the most part it makes things easier to see because everything is kept in order. But sometimes it can be an irritation because seeing a bunch of red
and yellow marks at the same times makes me think that I have that much more work to do. Also in some cases just like normal errors in code I have to take a little bit of time to 
lean back and think of what some of the messages are trying to tell me. In the end the good things that coding standards have given to me is having an end product that I can read
and understand more efficiently.
